# Tutoring-Platform (Name TBD)
Complete tutoring platform for freelance tutors focusing on teaching coding and computer science.

NOTE: This platform is currently a work in progress.

## How it started?
I started a tutoring business in the winter of 2021 as a supplemental income source to support me during university. There is a lack of tutors in computer science due its high barrier to entry. Therefore, with little advertising, I started receiveng numerous tutoring opportunites every week. As I scaled, my tutoring business became time consuming to manage as none of the operating tasks were automated. Here are a list of problems I was facing:

* Had to manually generate and email invoices after every session
* Hard to setup a time that worked with both of us as we did not have access to each others' schedules
* Spent a lot of time reminding students about paying their invoice
* Hard to advertise and convince students to pursue my services through sites like Kijiji or Craigslist with all the existing competition
* Filing taxes at the end of the year is a tedious process as I have to gather and sum up all my invoices to get total revenue
* My rates were being negotiated down as they saw my services as a small business being run by a student
* Sometimes students or even I forget about sessions as they are not added to our calendars
* Revenue generated by business is limited to how many hours I can bill over a time period
* Manually create assignments and grade them

## Solution
An online tutoring platform will modernize by primitive business and solve a lot of the problems that I am currently facing. 
Here are some of the features I plan to implement

* Landing Page where I can advertise my services
* Session Scheduling System which shows my availability
* Confirmation Email and Text for sessions
* User Authentication
* Stripe Payment Integration
* Video Platform to host sessions
* Automatic Invoice Generation and Dispatch after sessions
* Revenue Generation History and Analytics
* Separate Dashboard for Tutor to see upcoming sessions
* Seperate Website pricing for US and Canada
* Integrate GPT-4 to help create assignments for students and grade them

